Registrar Registry Manager - version 7.53, released July 2013
Copyright (c) 1999-2013 Resplendence Software Projects Sp.

email: inforsp@resplendence.com
http://www.resplendence.com

Runs on: Windows 2012 Server, Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows 2008
Server, Windows Vista, 2003 and XP. Supports both x86 and x64
editions.


License:
--------
Installation and use of this software is subject to the terms
and conditions of the license agreement included in the file
LICENSE.TXT which can be found in the installation directory of
the software.


Description:
------------
Registrar Registry Manager is a complete registry management
solution with a wealth of powerful features. It is intended as a
complete and safe solution for administrators and power users
for maintaining the registry on both the desktop as well as
remote computers on the network.

It offers the benefit of a one-stop registry management
solution, a very rich set of tools which replaces a large range
of separate utilities. It is safer than Regedit, the native
Windows registry editor as this software offers registry backup
and restore features as well as multilevel undo.

The builtin registry file editor allows you to edit registry
files on disk such as those which make up the systems registry
image so you can use it to recover and repair broken Windows
installations which may be even unbootable due to registry
errors. This feature has been a life saver to many system
administrators.

Other features include fast registry background search with
replace, delete and export options, a detailed registry monitor
which monitors registry operations by the system and other
applications, a bookmark editor with descriptions, categories
and key coloring, an advanced registry compare tool, detailed
property pages and a registry file reference editor.

Registrar also offers a registry defragmenter and several tools
to clean out the registry so you can keep your computer running
smoothly. Security editors allow you to set registry key access
permissions, auditing and ownership. offers multi-level undo so
all registry changes can be individually undone.

The program comes in an attractive explorer-style interface
which is highly customizable.

New in version 7 is the optional tabbed document interface,
inclusion and exclusion filters on all views and numerous
enhancements.

New in version 7.50 is support for Windows 8 and Windows 2012
Server as well as some important bug fixes.

For more information, visit the product page at
http://www.resplendence.com/registrar

